#labels Featured
== Description ==

  * Splunk for Nagios allows you to integrate the Open Source monitoring solution "Nagios" with Splunk.

== Features ==

  * Schedule Saved Searches in Splunk to send alerts to Nagios 
  * Status Dashboard featuring recent Warning and Critical Alerts and Notifications 
  * Alerts Dashboard with an auto-populating drop-down list of device names to easily display relevant alert history 
  * Host Dashboards with Graphs of metal level metrics (CPU, Memory, Swap, Load, Disk Usage, Network Interface Utilization, Processes, etc) sourced from Nagios Plugin Performance Data (Linux, AIX and Windows hosts supported) 
  * NAS Dashboards with Graphs of Storage Usage, Quota Usage, SAVVOL Usage, Connections by Protocol, etc (EMC Isilon and Celerra supported) 
  * Cisco Network Dashboards with Graphs of Network Interface Utilization, CPU, Memory, Temperature and Gateway Usage
  * Integration with MK Livestatus - feat. 2 new dashboards updated with live status data from Nagios
  * 8 Saved Searches - feat. a CMDB Report and Service Alerts by Service Group
  * Search Nagios alerts and notifications and trend problems over time 
  * Over 40 field extractions, compliant with the Common Information Model 

== Overview ==

  * Splunk for Nagios version 2.0.1 includes all new dashboards to display performance graphs for your Linux, AIX, BSD and Windows hosts and also for NAS devices and Cisco network devices.
  * New 'check_splunk_license' nagios plugin and new dashboard for Splunk License Usage
  * Now you can monitor, manage and troubleshoot all your devices from one single pane of glass with Splunk for Nagios.
  * Get out of the 1980's and replace Cacti, Munin, MRTG, Orca, etc. with Splunk for Nagios... no more rrd configuration and no more agents to install.
  * Why poll for data twice? Splunk for Nagios creates the performance graphs automatically!
  * Splunk for Nagios also has another huge advantage over rrd based graphing solutions, and that is you can graph performance and capacity metrics with full fidelity, ie. no more 'averaged out' rrd based graphs.

  * This is version 2.0.1 of Splunk For Nagios so any feedback, including requests for enhancement are most welcome. Email: mailto:luke@verypowerful.info

  * This app has been created for the specifics of our Nagios environment (Nagios Core version 3.2.1) and it may or may not suit your specific purposes.

  * Copyright (c) 2011 Luke Harris. All Rights Reserved.

== Screenshots ==
  * http://verypowerful.info/home/splunkfornagios/screenshots


== Download ==

  * http://splunk-base.splunk.com/apps/22374/splunk-for-nagios


== Road Map ==
  * 2.1
    * Add Google Maps geo mapping capabilities to create maps of activity by IP address